and very good people as you are
welcome to an egg tutorial on
how to make a 100% cactus farm
efficient audio people yesterday part gaks
he got his own design worth the first
farm design let your times have
next voucher does not lose any item and
well I decided to make my own design and
I came out quite good enough
cool since it occupies very very little and they occupy
very few resources also first I
came out in this ballet and then this one that in
my opinion is pretty much better
well let's quickly apply how
the law works you have to have the
link of the video and the cannes channel
to participate in it in the description
it who you know that when there was a
cactus you gave the last side an item
it breaks already as if it were a side worth
to see if and disappear does not have
we say that the item disappears and
destroys
to see how this works well when
grow the cactus here in this vast and what
will detect vale is such that well then
the cactus when detecting that it has a
block is worth as you know the cactus is worth
if it's here a block next to it is worth and
grows it will break vale we are going to put a
example and it breaks you see that it breaks
well when it grows it will break the
alone and just will detect it and push
this block here and it will make it fall in the the
hopper hunter before breaking in the
tangent cactus I will demonstrate how
it works quickly let's put the
game room command
rule correct random random ticket speed
and we're going to put it to 1000 so that in
the tics of minecraft go faster and
you can see how it grows worth this
obviously I would have to go like this
covered and as you can see all the
Sometimes that will grow is going to get here
it's worth without exception we're going to tell
worth
one
2 did not want to break any voucher and we
we go
3 well as you see never never breaks
no item that comes out of here is worth it
let's put it again it's normal
good know we 're going to do the first
design I like more the second one since it's
more compact and had fewer resources but
let's go in order, ok, we have
made our step that will be with a
sticky floor a block of slate and a
reston block and it would work the
equivalent glass you see but as our
circuit is going to give half a pulse we're going to
put a normal piston is worth and here
up another normal seen pulling towards
down perfect right here we are going to put
An aid nothing is worth can also
serve another block is not playable type
oven is worth so that this does not break the
circuit what is worth here sees us and now
a tic we climb like a torch
block block and repeater to a main
in good this would work
and from here it would be very simple
we carry current from here and
we go down with a sticky piston block of
reston and seen normal with bad block
good good people this is the one that I
I recommend doing vale since it is the one that
I like the most and the most to do in
survival and good let's do the same
as above it
and here and here we make our
bad sweet, but here we are going to change
and we are going to put block not imputable
here it's worth next to the rest block
let's go for the alderman
and we went up with a block pancake and
antorchistas this would already be worth
see is a tad slower than the
previous but it works exactly the same
and just as well here we are going to take us
one of rest
a piston of a normal piston and here a
Sticky piston with a block is worth this
how it works is of the rest for
transmit the kingston signal and the
piston as it carries the maximum current
value of 15 will transmit the signal of
here until here is worth as you see the
pistons if given current
top down with the maximum
power let's see it
for example it's worth the top
well to work the same in the part of
down not on top always
is to activate something because it is worth for this that
is based
the same is worth it simply would make 5 vale
ok let's check how it works
ok let's put this to me there is and
go Go
and we have one
2 and there goes good people an agent for
last say that this design the second
it's totally expandable what
it means that you do not have to
leave no gap here is worth it since it
You can put one next to another but
this time in reverse, as you see, no
there is no gap worth here we have a
module and just where back we have another
here it's worth
I'm going to show you how to link the vouchers
good to say that I recommend
totally put blocks here is worth for
let us out just in case but good
I teach so quickly because it
we already have a module here is worth
let's put one looking towards there go
well how would this be good we go to
take this block as a reference value
obsidian and today we are going to
put the repeated to call we're going to
make mirror effect we are going to climb
here around here
over here we continue to put our
patrick will go to this height if what is
line block the rest and here we go to
put
here our vector
normal piston piston for that and here
would go our normative block here and
our asset is quickly seen and and
here it's worth people because that's how it would link and
so we can lengthen everything the leader
and ok and well I hope you liked it
who is tutor already and you know lx favorites
bye